Big brother, big brother, I beg you to let it go
Brother, I was wrong, I really have no money.
No, I've seen a lot of guys like you
Today 5 million must return
Not a penny less
Otherwise, I will change your face first.
Then sell your blood to receive customers
Hey wait wait
Did you identify the wrong person?
He is the daughter of the Ye family
How can I owe you money?
I don't care who he is.
5 million must return it today
And he borrowed money from a loan shark
Must be wrong
Dream dream
But the richest man in our city
Married daughter
He has money
How can I borrow money from you?
Hey, let me tell you.
The man who owes money
I recognize it when it turns to ashes
Threats of violence are going to be replicated in night markets
Where are you going?
Thanks, nosy, right?
Mind your own business, I will fight with you
Someone smash it for me
Can't hit can't hit
This is what my son has worked hard for half his life
You're tired of fucking living, aren't you?